- Go to your father, you don't need to prepare messages just go to Him
- 1 Peter 5:10 KJV
	[10] But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, ==after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.== 
- [ ] God is good, God is faithful, that is my confidence 
- [ ] Ephesians 2:7 NLT
	[7] So God can point to us in all future ages as examples of the incredible wealth of his grace and kindness toward us, as shown in all he has done for us who are united with Christ Jesus.
- Ephesians 2:7-10 MSG
	[7-10] ==Now God has us where he wants us, with all the time in this world and the next to shower grace and kindness upon us in Christ Jesus.== Saving is all his idea, and all his work. All we do is trust him enough to let him do it. It’s God’s gift from start to finish! We don’t play the major role. If we did, we’d probably go around bragging that we’d done the whole thing! No, we neither make nor save ourselves. God does both the making and saving. He creates each of us by Christ Jesus to join him in the work he does, the good work he has gotten ready for us to do, work we had better be doing.
- Genesis 26:12 NLT
	[12] When Isaac planted his crops that year, he harvested a hundred times more grain than he planted, for the Lord blessed him. 
- Give God last minute chance
- [When you die for it you qualify for it]
- 








## Action Plans 📍 
1. Meditate on Ephesians 2:7 NLT



## Prophecies 🔥 
1. This year I would mount up like an eagle
2. This year after you have suffered for a while, the God of all Grace
3. God is going to look at my life and say it is good 
4. Samson's hair shall grow again in my cell
5. Double honor and double joy
6. 